Documentation: Clarify Configu platform GitLab integration limitation (#688)
configu/configu: docs/integrations/store/configu/integrations.mdx

<Frame>![image](/images/integrations/integrations-gitlab-connected.png)</Frame>

<Warning>

> - Configu will have read-only access to and display all repositories your GitLab account is a member of, including private and group repositories.
> - Only a single GitLab account can be connected to a Configu organization.
> - If you revoke the GitLab app directly from GitLab, the integration will automatically disconnect in Configu when attempting to access integration features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **GitLab Account Restriction**: Only a single GitLab account can be connected to a Configu organization.  
- **Automatic Integration Disconnection**: If the GitLab app is revoked directly from GitLab, the integration will automatically disconnect in Configu when you attempt to access integration features.  
- **Access Scope**: Configu will have read-only access to all repositories your GitLab account is associated with, including private and group repositories, and will display them accordingly.  
```
